the facts don't bear out the point you are making that Americans are losing their jobs or having jobs taken away by ou. The fact is that the economic growth that is provided and contributed to by the dreamer population are other people who are undocumented is significant. The daca recipients — if they were to be removed from this country, are grossed a method product — gross domestic product would decline by over $400 billion over the next decade. It will hurt jobs. Deporting these people overall would be devastating to our economy. Many economic sectors — look at agriculture, the farming industry, depends on immigrant workers who are on authorized and are waiting — you are unauthorized and are waiting. If you were to remove all of those undocumented, we would not have the food picked. You May feel like they are taking jobs away from your children but that is not in the statistics — the wages of high school educated are college-educated individuals across the country are not negatively impacted by immigrants in the United States.

That is not true. Host: What about illegal immigrants on welfare other federal benefits — is that true?

Guest: I do not have the exact data, but by and large, immigrants do not take more from the public welfare system and they actually contribute to it. It is not based in reality. Most immigrants that are working in the United States, they are going pay into the Social Security system and not to be able to even receive those benefits later on. They are contributing more than they will ever see back and Social Security payouts.

Host: Donovan, virginia, Republican.

Caller: Thank you. The daca people, they need a fair shake, but I do not believe they need to become citizens. They are taking our jobs. They are not just working out in the field like you say so do not even go there. They are taking over the construction companies. They are taking the overall of the construction that is around because I used to work in construction. You go to a construction site now, 90% are Mexican people and they are not legally here. I feel sorry for the ones that did get here the legal way and dished out all of the money they had to for lawyers just to be, citizen. If they cannot go back, come in the right way. Not the daca people, but the other 11 million people.

Host: Mr.

Chen. Guest: I already addressed the issue of economy and wages but to the collar, maybe I'll just run for its — I'll just reference a couple of things. For the daca population, these are young people who are here, contributing to our country and it is important to recognize that even if there is a perception that they are working in taking away jobs, they are mostly here working and contributing to our country. The economic impact is not present and we do not see that taking place in the way the caller mentioned.

Host: Senators introduce three-year or daca-border deal. It would be a short-term fix with three years of border security funding.? Do you think this could past? What are you think this capacity — do you think this could pass?

Guest: This is a short-term extension of the daca program that Congress is talking about. They really think of a dream act which provides long-term protection for the dreamers, is what needs to be passed. For example, the caller that just called before mentioned that he supports passing legislation. That is important to have dr.