bill. It affects a much broader cross section of Americans, not just folks from homes with crumbling foundations who are not in declared disasters. I know that members on the house ways and means committee, particularly congressman richie neal, are very focused in terms of trying to fix this harmfulle provision that provides almost zero tax savings to the affects section of Americans, federal budget but causes huge harm to homeowners like the ones in connecticut in western massachusetts. Again, congressman neal, congressman larson, and myself have been working with the I.r.s. Over the last 19 months to get this safe harbor for homeowners to be able to get the benefit of this provision. I want to thank the folks at I.r.s. And treasury for their ruling on Tuesday that at least allowed another three-year window for people who are totally innocent victims who, because of the way insurance policies are structured, cannot in most instances, get property casualty loss coverage for this type of loss to at least be able to soften the blow with a deduction. Mr. Speaker, included in the bipartisan budget agreement which passed at 5:00 in the morning last Friday, was a provision which again a provision which again did not receive a great deal of attention but actually will provide a great deal of relief. Particularly for America's seniors. In particular it reduced and narrowed the size of the doughnut hole for seniors who use the Medicare part d prescription drug program. As many May recall, in 2003, when the Medicare prescription drug benefit was first created, it had a doughnut hole that basically said that seniors who signed up for Medicare part d after $2,000 of benefits for prescription drugs covered under the law would then have to pay a full 100% deductible until their prescription drug costs reached $5,000. It was like buying a car, making a monthly payment, and then after 2000 miles having to get out and walk for the and wa 3,000 miles until you hit the trigger for the doughnut hole to kick back in for coverage. When we coverage. When we passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010, we start add process of narrowing that doughnut hole, again, by 50% in year one, it was again up to 35% in 2017, and the bill that passed on Friday night will actually do the final step to eliminate the doughnut hole entirely in 2019. Then really impressive part of that provision is, it's not going to be — that narrowing will not be paid for by the taxpayer. The pharmaceutical companies are the one who is have to bear the brunt of narrowing that cost so seniors will have huge savings in the scope of thousands of dollars because of that provision. Again this is an example of where the bipartisan work that was done on that budget bill actually resulted in a very concrete, tangible benefit for America's seniors. Again I think that will be welcome news for those who have the high cost of prescription drugs.

The speaker pro tempore: The gentleman's time has expired. Pursuant to clause 12-a of rule 1rks the chair declares the the C-SPAN bus is traveling across the capitals. We stopped in montgomery, alabama.

>> Being here in the birthplace fert civil rights movement, montgomery, alabama, the most important issues to me is equal for all people. We can't just talk about this every February in black history month but we have to live it every day of the year. So we have to do more to build bridges. A famous educator in alabama, booker t. Washington, once wrote — there are two ways to exert one's power. One is pushing down and one is pulling up. Let's start pulling people up.

>> An important issue is the lack of jobs here in montgomery — in alabama but especially in montgomery. People are graduating from different colleges whether it be in montgomery or the surrounding areas and they are coming maybe home looking for a job and there's really no job here. Everybody — you need more than just a college degree to get a job and I think it's hindering a lot of people because a lot of people don't have the financial aid to keep going to school or a higher learning education, something like that, so they don't have the money to